hi everyone and welcome to Nicko's
kitchens fast food Friday today we're
going to be making one of the world's
most popular fast foods we're making
KFC's potato and gravy he's got budget
meals Monday what you want Wednesday
fast food Friday what else could he
share it's Nicko's kitchen where
satisfying meals so go that's the first
thing that we're gonna do to get started
on our potato and gravy I've just peeled
some potatoes here and you can use any
potatoes that you like and I'm just
going to cut them into halves now over
on to the stove just into a at large pot
I've put some water in there and we're
gonna boil that water up now to the
water I'm gonna add in some salt and I'm
also gonna add in some dried chicken
stock just a small amount we don't run a
lot just give that a good stir until it
all dissolves then what I want you to do
just grab the potatoes that we had and
just pop them in now we want to boil
these for about seven to ten minutes
don't let them go to mushy but we don't
want them to be too hard either because
we aren't going to be mashing these
potatoes so just keep an eye on them
it should take anywhere between 7 to 10
minutes on a medium to high heat so guys
our potatoes are cooked and you'll know
that if you just grab a knife and just
run them to the edge of you here it just
goes through and you hear it click on
the side of the pan you know they're
done so just take them out and drain all
the water so I've just put our potatoes
into a bowl guys and to the potatoes I'm
gonna add in some butter and I'm also
gonna add in some milk that I've warmed
up and make sure the milk is hot and
also give it a good generous seasoning
of some salt and just using a potato
masher just give that a really good
press down and that's what you're after
guys this beautiful no lumps creamy
mashed potato so just put this to one
side and now we're gonna get started on
our brave
there goes into a small pan over a
medium to high heat I'm going to add in
some vegetable oil and just leave the
oil in the pan for about two to three
minutes just to really warm up so now
that the oil has heated up guys what I'm
gonna be putting in is some flour and
we're just gonna add in some small
amounts at a time into the oil and just
give that a good stir and keep mixing it
around and we want to keep doing this
guys once it's all dissolved add some
more flour in and what you'll find is
the mixture will actually start to turn
a brown color and that's what we're
after so now once we've got it at that
brown color I know it doesn't really
show up on the camera that well but
trust me you'll see it at home it is a
light brown color we're going to start
adding in some chicken stock so just add
that straight into the pan and what
you'll find is we'll just all clump
together and just like we did with the
flour I just keep adding small bits at a
time and guys you'll see this
transformation take place with the gravy
and the chicken stock it will really
start to thicken like a paste and you
think what have I done - trust me just
keep stirring it turns real dark brown I
want you to turn the heat straight off
and that's what you're after guys this
beautiful thick brown chicken gravy so
that's done so now it's time to paint
this bad boy up now guys there are two
ways to serve this up you can serve it
straight up in a bowl of course if you
want either too straight now but if
you're having a picnic or something like
that just grab a container like that
with a lid already on it and just put it
in there so guys there you have it
there's my version of KFC's gravy and
potato match now of course their potato
is the reconstituted dry stuff that they
add to water I don't want to do that I
would rather use the real potatoes but
if you wanted to use the dehydrated mash
to make it even more authentic then go
for it so let's give this boy a try
check it out this is one of
things it's a real tree you don't want
to have this too often check that out
it's almost like ice cream is the potato
and the chocolate sauce it's almost like
a savory version of ice cream and
chocolate sauce it tastes exactly the
same exactly the same so guys give this
a go please it's not that hard to do and
I'm telling you it'll save you heaps and
heaps of money all the ingredients are
below as always so check it out you guys
take care and I will see you this Monday
for budget meals so until then take care
[Music]